So I have a little section here
just to note on expose, right?
So far we've been talking
about using publish, right?
So if you look here, shut that down.
I've been using publish 3000:3000, right?
You can technically write in here,
I could say EXPOSE,
3000 and I can expose 3000.
It totally would work.
So let's get rid of this.
The issue here is first of all,
I still have to run it with a flag,
which is, What is it?
Okay, so that's running, and actually,
let's do it this way, so it just attaches.
So, I have to build it first,
let's build it.
Did I save that?
Did it run EXPOSE?
And the correct one.
No, I'm in the wrong one, that's why.
Docker file for more complicated node app.
And then here I'm gonna say EXPOSE 3000,
and I'm gonna build it again.
And then I try and run my node app again.
But I'm gonna run it without publish.
I'm gonna say detached, so
it's running in the background.
Now, if I say docker ps.
First of all if I try and
go over in here and go to localhost:3000,
it's not gonna work, right?
Cuz it's not actually technically
exposed on that particular port.
So what you actually have to do is
you have to tell docker, docker kill,
this one that I just ran my node app.
That's the image, right?
So you have to kill this way.
Docker kill that.
>> Mystifying journey.
>> What's that?
>> The name of it, mystifying journey.
>> Right, yeah, that will work too.
So you have to do it with,
let me see if I can docker run --help.
There is an extra flag that you have
to pass and it might just be EXPOSE.
EXPOSE, it's dash -P, there we go.
So instead what I have to do, is I have
to say dash -P, which is gonna go and
expose all of those
ports that I put it on.
And now if I say docker ps,
I actually don't know what port is going
to expose it, just picks one for me.
So you can see now that I have 3000,
which is gonna go into the container.
But coming out of the container
is gonna be 32768.
So now, I can come over here and
put that in here And
it works, right now,
it's mapping into the container.
Does that seem less convenient?
I would assume it probably is, right?
And for the most part people don't
really use expose for this reason.
I've heard some people say that they'll
still put expose in here just to let
people know is like hey, just so
you know, publish on 3000, right?
That's what we're expecting here.
It's kinda like documentation, you can
easily just put that in the read me.
I don't know why you'd necessarily
put it in the Docker file.
I don't go to the Docker file for
documentation.
So that's EXPOSE, that was very confusing
to me when I was starting out with Docker,
so I thought I would hopefully
demystify that a little bit for you.
>> So what does publish do?
It just kind of packages it all together
and like, hey, you can ship this.
>> So publish says like I have this port
internally and have this port externally
and I want you to plug those two things
together, like tunnel out together.
So I can port 8080 inside the container
published at the port 3000,
it'll connect to those two containers or
those two ports, right?
So it's port mapping, it's literally
what it is, it's just port mapping.